A. logistics;B. distribution management;C. a supply chain;D. a distribution center;E. a value chain;
A. value;B. variety;C. flexibility;D. stability;E. competition;
A. the intermediaries (wholesalers, distributors, and retailers) through which the flow of products travels;B.the planning, implementation, and control of the flow of goods, services and information between the point of origin and the final customer;C. The inbound movement and storage of materials in preparation for those materials to enter and flow through the manufacturing process;D. the set of three or more companies directly linked by one or more of the upstream and downstream flows of products, services, finances, and information from a source to a customer;E.the activities involved in delivering the right product, to the right place, to the right customer, at the right time, in the right quantity, in the right condition, and at the right price;
A. logistics chains;B. core carriers;C. supply chains;D. logistic channels;E. distrubution channels;
A. In a supply chain, products flow upstream, finances flow downstream, and information flows both upstream and downstream;B. In a supply chain, products flow downstream, finances flow upstream, and information flows both upstream and downstream;C. In a supply chain, products, finances and information flow both upstream and downstream;D. In a supply chain, products flow downstream, while finances and information flow both upstream and downstream;E. In a supply chain, products flow both upstream and downstream, finances flow upstream, and information flows downstream; 
A. getting the product closer to the end-consumer;B. reducing the final cost that consumers must pay for the product;C. getting the product to the customer in a timely manner;D. changing the product's form and location;E. listening to customer feedback and reacting accordingly;
A. logistics approach;B. distrubution orientation;C. marketing orientation;D. supply chain orientation;E. channel management approach; 
A. It sets up technology to enable the sharing of demand information with suppliers;B. It has an inward focus on the activities and performance of other companies;C. It recognizes the importance of sharing supply nd demand information with suppliers and customers;D. It has an outward focus regarding the activities of its own company;E. It does not rely on other members of the supply chian to add value to the final product;
A. the actions a firm takes to manage the costs required to make or buy a product;B. the planning, implementation, and control of the manufacture of a product.;C. the actions a firm takes to coordinate the various flows within a supply chain;D. the management of data to integrate information across all departments of an organization;E. the inbound movement and storage of materials in preparation for those materials to enter and flow through the manufacturing process; 
A. You get out of it what you put into it;B. Every company for himself;C. Money makes the world go 'round;D. No company is an island;E. Better late than never;